Give one example of identifying information. (#62)
unicorn-wg/oblivious-http: draft-thomson-http-oblivious.md

be attributed to the oblivious request resource; see {{key-configuration}}.

Clients MUST NOT include identifying information in the request that is

> encapsulated. This identifying information includes, though is not limited to,
> client-specific application identifiers such as account credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
encapsulated. Identifying information includes cookies {{?COOKIES=RFC6265}},
authentication credentials or tokens, and any information that might reveal
client-specific information such as account credentials.
```
